I today I'm gonna show you how to access
the Internet and telephone musina good
tattoo first- and services date.com
juice GPRS not Jason keep yours and we
did some account account name globe GPRS
APN type WWE edit click it globe GP us a
pen ww that globe.com that bitch
username don't feel too little of limit
authentication normal not secure normal
Dave it done and done
see Mac
go to read ceilings and it a calm choose
some more or some to another go and say
add new user edit account type my Grove
GPRS homepage ww that go girl not calm
not be h let account choose delete
account me feel it look G Paris let me
feel it come to Paris select it ok never
came connection type HTTP proxy address
sister Sarah 31 17 0 for 2 to 14 that
proxy part is it sir itself
and password and username live o'clock
then finally go to web services but on
page google.com search my cool
six loading loading onion now you know